# HyperCam2
A copy of unregistered hypercam 2. README.MD is the same as the README.TXT Found in hypercam2.
# CONTINUING ON. HERE IS README.TXT FOUND IN HYPERCAM2
------------------------------------------------------
HyperCam 2 Readme.txt file

HyperCam captures the action from your Windows screen and saves 
it to AVI (Audio-Video Interleaved) movie file.  Your machine may run in 
any color mode.  Sound from your system microphone is also recorded.  


Installation:
-------------
To install HyperCam, please run HC2Setup.exe program.

Program Status:
---------------

HyperCam is a shareware product.  While unregistered, it will place a 
small "Unregistered HyperCam" sign in the corner of the AVI files that you 
capture.  To register your copy of HyperCam, please start the program, 
click on the "License" tab, then click on "Purchase License..." button.  
After we receive your payment, we will send you a license (key) by email 
or paper mail, which you may enter into the software to prevent HyperCam 
from placing the "Unregistered" mark on the new movies that you record.  
Note: the "Unregistered" mark can not be removed from movies that you 
recorded before registering your copy of HyperCam.  

Distribution:
-------------
Distribution is permitted provided you follow these instructions: You are 
free to make copies of the distribution archive and pass it 
along to others for their evaluation provided that no modifications or 
additions are made to the software, its documentation, or any associated 
files, and it is not bundled in a distribution of any other software.  

Usage:
------
Select the area you want to capture, then select Start Rec.  button or 
press a hot key.  You may press the same hot key to finish.  There is also 
a "Pause/Resume" hot key and button.  You may pan (move the recorded area) 
by holding e.g.  Shift key and moving the mouse.  Please click on each tab 
in the HyperCam dialog and try to figure out what to do, or read the 
detailed help file.

Updates:
--------
For newer versions of HyperCam please check Hyperionics WEB at:

	http://www.hyperionics.com/

or email us at info@hyperionics.com

Thank you for using HyperCam!


